So in this section, we're going to build a note app from scratch.
Now the main point here is that we are going to see not only how to put together the user interface,
we're going to always learn something new.
But most importantly, we're going to learn how to use different mechanism, different tools that we
have to handle state of our data to separate our state even further away from the composable functions.
So that's the main point of the section here, which is to learn how to further hoist our state from
our compatibles so that we have a single source of truth for our data and state.
So this is the app we're kind of building.
It's very simple, as you see in the beginning, will have some, some dummy data that you see there.
But if I click on each one of these, you can see they are deleted so I can go ahead and add, let's
say hello there and say this is my note.
Then we can go ahead and save as we save.
You can see that was added.
Hello, there.
This is my note came in at as many.
That's gibberish, but that's OK.
So and there, though, it was at it again.
Click or tap any one of these.
We will be able to delete very well.
So let's go ahead and get started.